=head1 NAME

passless - declarative password manager

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<passless> [options] [command] [SITE]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

passless manages a user-edited GPG-encrypted file containing arguments for the
B<lesspass> command-line client.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-h>

Show help message.

=item B<-f> I<CONFIG>

Path to configuration file.

=item B<-l> I<LOGIN>

Get password of I<SITE> with given login.

=item B<-c>

Copy password to clipboard. Requires a site to be specified.

=item B<-p>

Push commits to git remote after editing.

=item B<-P>

Do not pull from git remote before editing.

=item B<-v>

Show version.

=back

=head1 COMMANDS

=over

=item edit

Edit config file.

=item list

List sites and logins.

=item log

Show git commit log.

=item push

Push commits to git remote.

=item pull

Pull commits from git remote.

=item encrypt I<FILE>

Encrypt existing file.

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION

The configuration file F<~/.config/passless/passless.conf.gpg> is an INI file
where section names are sites and section keys correspond to B<lesspass>
command-line arguments.

If a configuration file doesn't exist, the I<edit> command will create one using
a default template.

An existing plain configuration file can be encrypted using the I<encrypt>
command.

Example:

 [example.com]
 login=myusername
 symbols=false
 counter=2

See below for valid keys.

=over

=item I<master_password=>

The master password.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<MASTER_PASSWORD> argument.

=item I<login=>

The site login.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<LOGIN> argument.

=item I<length=>

The generated password length.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<--length> flag.

=item I<counter=>

Password counter.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<--counter> flag.

=item I<lowercase=>

Include lowercase in password if set to I<true>.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<--lowercase> or I<--no-lowercase> flags.

=item I<uppercase=>

Include uppercase in password if set to I<true>.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<--uppercase> or I<--no-uppercase> flags.

=item I<digits=>

Include digits in password if set to I<true>.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<--digits> or I<--no-digits> flags.

=item I<symbols=>

Include symbols in password if set to I<true>.
Corresponds to B<lesspass> I<--symbols> or I<--no-symbols> flags.

=item I<password=>

Use this password instead of generating one.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

James Reed E<lt>james@twiddlingbits.netE<gt>

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Bugs and issues can be reported here:
L<https://github.com/jcrd/passless/issues>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2019-2020 James Reed. passless is licensed under the MIT License.
